Update PR-CHECKLIST (#148)
keycloak/keycloak-client: PR-CHECKLIST.md

for the info.

> The keycloak-client currently does not have bot, so after merging PR, it is also good to doublecheck that related GH issue 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Keycloak client currently does not have a bot, so after merging a PR, it is also good to double-check that the related GH issue 
```

> has correct label set to the upcoming version of keycloak client. For example if next version of keycloak-client release 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
has a correct label set to the upcoming version of Keycloak client. For example if next version of the Keycloak client release 
```
